Hi everyone I'm having I'm Tracy and welcome to another round of heaven entry see
how crazy is that the end
of me and
then you're excited we're excited.
So today's a very special episode and I think anyone believe that today is happening. We are in
Davenport Iowa listening that the play first to new we have seen three
black people getting to where we were at the airport and twenty other morons in the ville to get the
F. word. While you know what I'll ave
we are interviewing one of the presidential candidates that you can see this week in the
trades and movie Listen listen if I love that you're my studio audience
if we are interviewing Hillary
Clinton and I'm excited about it and I meet
up
before we interview Madam Secretary I want to read a bunch of
things that I expect from the next president. So these are two man that I have
actually used and know about tracking tweets situation. It's an archive of Tracy's brain. So these are tweets
that I've actually sent to the current sitting president Most course of things that I would like
me before he leaves and what are few of these Tracy I'm scared to ask.
OK. Don't be scared because I have a logical thing that should be expected of anyone who is
the leader of the free world they're all very doable. OK before you leave office can
you institute some harsh penalties on people who leave backpacks on on Kravitz right. Oh
my God we need that. OBAMA
We need this is what it was whatever you have been a dream of for Happy us a sandwich out of the out people act
like they don't know how to hold backpacks why they put it on the floor and yes this is not going to
be all over my face.
Also please ban any feminism that is not intersectional things and I
mean that's Don't be a right to say. That's a graphical you know and I'm thin. So you've
treated all of this at all. I'm already
Absolutely. If I could have Obama Grammy ONE WISH I think this is what it would be. The
make the middle relive a
little imo. Oh my God. What not is so I think the worst idea.
It's not me
about the McRib Why would anyone need that more than how much it is
available because this is delicious and sometimes you just need some mystery
meat and not barbecue sauce I can say that you know I can't say that the three
to disagree. OK can we declare people who don't like them are all of the protected
class lower than me or him a hero. I said on Twitter once that I
don't enjoy cinnamon rolls not because they don't taste good because sentiment of that must them but a
loud biological reason I had so many hate tweets from people that thought I was
my free is about my own five free is a nobody wrote me no one else like I don't feel
safe in this moment. OK so I feel like when you want to be
protected capitally like black people yes. Queer people absolutely people
who don't like cinnamon rolls.
We're a very small minority and we're not safe on American soil. It is true Americans we love
them so maybe
the US they do love themselves and sit around and they absolutely do. That's
wild sure if we had years I would just like to feel safe in the country
where af a taxi sometimes has Obama ever responded to any of these streets. Now and I wonder
why because he's busy OK because had one gotten around to
all he's like That's not a protected class. OK I have one more I have one where is there a
particular bureau that I should complain to when I order curly
fries and most of them are just like Barry Kirby. OH MY
GOD THAT agree on the show. Number one the gentle and OK they're right that
we agree on something that is so rude like you know audio
viral tripods probably fries are my favorite flavor of fries.
I realize we are in shape but come on they're all full flavor. You can just curl up
Friday like curly fries have a very and then when you. You order them curly fries and you get to
that actually curly and the rest of us rang true to its allies fall and eyes and straight
fries right. I do realize that something strong comes up. So these are things that I will
like her president to do in this not current president the next president and perhaps our guest
today can help us out with some of these things but I'm probably not going
to bring them up. Because who says those things out loud me.
Well
before you start it we Same to you some bourbon well part hey that's so
much still to do if it were I'm not sure the last event of my day I thought it will
rain tonight is that right Kat and I do and drink it I
think so we are here in Iowa with Hillary Clinton
aka Val
The bartender. Madam Secretary I know you're a very busy woman so I just
get started in a speech in
Oregon in twenty fourteen you talked a little bit about the level of
relentless scrutiny that stock people in public life that gives you a sense of being quote kind
of dehumanized as part of the experience. I mean you've been in political life for like decades
now how and you have to be on for so long how in the world do you stay
same environment. I don't
understand it's not easy Can I tell you really it's something that you have to be aware of
and try
to fill your day and certainly your life
with people you care about people that you want to spend time with activities that are just fun.
I you know even though my husband was governor of Arkansas for all those years you know I drove
myself around. I went to work every day I took my daughter to school or to ballet.
I had a really just Khana run of the mill ordinary life
and it wasn't until he became president that I
really encountered that overwhelming. Sense of the
bubble of the scrutiny.
So I don't know that you ever get used to it but you do sort of learn how
to manage it so that you can get up
every day and go about your life yet we talk a lot about self care on our show look just day to day
things you think take care of yourself what's important what do you do for self care right when you
mention activities and you know what activities.
I really love yoga. I love long walks
go on those Any chance I get my husband I take our two dogs we
go walking around where we live in New York
when we can you know just things that you feel like oh my gosh this
is what it's meant to be this is what I want to do and I
try to fit that in as often as I
can. There was a moment when you on the campaign trail in two thousand a
famous moment one of my favorite moment that I've ever seen from a politician which I have like
maybe two or three for a political moment and I thought of our son
and maybe three.
But you were in New Hampshire and someone asked you like how do you get up in go out the door every day and you get very very
emotional I did I know that there's been a lot of talk about what led up to that moment but how did you feel
afterwards like when you got home that night were you like I should have done
that you feel like you wish on a sign of weakness or did you feel powerful and like normal.
How did you feel when it was over.
That's a great question and I don't know that anybody has ever asked that of me
before I did not know that's how I was going to feel at
the time I was doing an event and I was sitting in a like
a cafe a little restaurant
and people were asking me questions and they were asking me about political issues and then
I was asked you know how do you get up and do this
and it was a combination for me
of feeling like if somebody asked me a really personal
question and it's very hard out there this is this
is something
that. Just demand your mental emotional
physical stamina all the time
and I just felt like you know how do
I get up every day and do this.
And when it was over I just felt drained I didn't feel any thing other than that
I didn't realize was going to be such a big deal to be honest. And then it became this big deal
and I thought that was sort of interesting that it did become such a big deal
because to me those moments sometimes like like yesterday I
met one of the mothers from Sandy Hook and you know she'd come to
meet me I didn't know she was going to be there I didn't know anything at all until she just came up
to me before I went out to the event and I
just I could just feel myself getting really emotional about it
and those moments happen. You know like even like about two weeks ago I met
this young man is taking care of his mother with all
timers and he said I need help and I will tell me what you need and he
said I'm taking care of my mom she is all times I can't afford a caregiver. I can't quit my
job because then we won't have any way to make ends meet so I take her to work with
me every day. So when something real pierces
the sort of political screen that you
all you know anyone in this arena you all know gets built up because you're
getting incoming and you're getting lots of questions about all this stuff.
It's a moment that induces this kind of
emotional personal reaction which is what happened there.
I was surprised that people. Well maybe I should have been surprised that people thought you were
faking people often say that you're like some sort of like robotic like
rehearsed person. Do you resent that like relatability is the kind of currency
that politics works with instead of like the
years the decades already with their actual ability but I think part of
it is as a woman you're.
Really held to a totally different
standard and you're expected to be both
strong and vulnerable at the same time. That's not easy to do.
And so you just have to be who you are to the best of your ability but it
is somewhat frustrating because I know a lot of
women in politics who are on the front lines or women in any
profession media business you name it.
You know we talk about this we all feel like if you do it you're criticize if you don't do it you're
criticized and instead it's down so hard to
get people to realize that you know we're all different we may all be women
but you know we all have our strengths we have our weaknesses.
We all get up every morning and do the best we can and eventually people
either get to or they don't and you know when I ran for the Senate back
in ninety nine. You know I was very
much facing the same kinds of questions like
well you know what about this what about that cetera et cetera. And
I just got up every day and worked as hard as I
could even in this last presidential campaign as you point out. I mean it's such
a marathon and it's so hard and
then you know when President Obama asked me to be secretary of state it was a
different kind of platform and because I wasn't in politics.
People were really nice about me so they said all kinds of nice things which you know I
appreciate it but then as soon as I said I was going to run for president. So the Republicans
and the pundits and all of that so I've gotten kind of used to it but it
does still pose this conundrum. How is a woman supposed to be
hey Well how about the way she is and then people should figure out her as opposed to her after.
To figure out everybody else.
Yeah we talk a lot about being a woman in the workplace Yeah I was really interested the story. SENATOR
JOE A Brand talked about last year she said. I want to quote because it's a great
quote to talk about some of the comments congressman have made about her body and just the harassment she's experience
from other male senators she talked about she wanted to cry or
disappear but I didn't hear a word he said I was in a place where I could tell him to go fuck himself.
Are you in a place to tell your male colleagues to go
fuck them. And have you ever. Yes I have
but I have my belly Well I don't know I mean but I've
encountered those kinds of situations over
the years and you know sometimes you just have
to ignore what's happening because there's a
larger issue you're trying to deal with and sometimes you have to confront it and it's almost a snap decision.
I remember I was in a situation where I was
delivering some apparently pleasant news to a group of men about an
issue and literally one of them reached over and grabbed
my
shirt and today. You can't be telling us
this and I just get your hands off of me.
I've been around a lot. And I've had a lot of
challenges but what I have found is that the vast majority of
them can be dealt with by a c'mon
really pushing back.
Basically saying you got to be kidding me or did you just hear what you said not
accelerating it. You know making it even a bigger confrontation but then sometimes you have to do
what you have to do the found that men are
receptive to that sort of the most. Hey man you know and then do they like I would I ever had
a male running well to chill out you know I don't I don't use that I say Did you hear what you
just yeah. I've had
some I've had some luck with that over the years sometimes nothing
helps usually up against somebody who is got his own problems
that he's trying to yeah people kind of made a point about how she didn't need Senator Joe brand. Name any
names but I got the sense just from the stories that this is a very common thing on the Hill
do you feel like just women on the Hill are telling each other about who to avoid
and who always says the knowing things in the meeting are like
whatever you know I think that happened you know every day Larry. Yeah that you know that does happen I mean
they're there when I got
there it was clear there were some people that were just troubling and they
just you just wanted to avoid them you want to just leave them and I don't know who
your son's talking about
but there were some people
who crossed the line in the way they treated women and.
And so you just again. You either dealt with it or you ignored it
and that's pretty much what she says she
did so we want to transition a little to talk about black lives matter and we talk we've talked a lot
of on the honor show about.
Sed the recent barrage of stories about black people being killed by the police.
I want to quote specifically from the encounter you had with black lives matter activists a few weeks
ago you were saying look I don't believe in change hearts. I believe in change laws
change allocation of resources you change the way systems operate. You're not going to change every heart you're not.
I don't want to speak for them but I don't know if anyone is suggesting like policy doesn't matter. I'm more
curious generally to hear how you see racial change happening in America especially as a as a
white person who was radicalized by Martin Luther King you talk a lot about
how hearing him speak and then. His assassination
like was really deeply meaningful to your young life. You
know. Well I had what I thought was a very honest
very open conversation with the activists that
I met with I'm going to be meeting with some more of my staff is in
constant contact with them.
I still admire their passion and their
intensity in reacting to what is a terrible
continuing systemic prob. Home of Race and Justice in
America and there's no doubt in my mind that they have helped
to galvanize opinion across the country and that they have
given real energy to trying to get
some changes quickly made as like the president's policing
Commission has recommended and
others. But I was sounding a note of caution
because again having done this for a long
time I don't want anybody who has that level of
intelligence and energy and
commitment to get discouraged
to walk away from the hard work it takes in
politics to make
changes. Because we need them. We need their voices we need their
activism
and I've seen myself a lot
of change that has happened and it matters. I mean the Civil
Rights Act mattered. The Voting Rights Act mattered but what I think people
have learned is that there is no way that progress continues.
If there is not constant pressure and absolutely. I guess
I'm curious more generally what do you think it would take for other white people to see the problems that we see.
Oh I think a lot do. I mean let's you know let's come. Yeah it's not I'm not looking about you know
very I think there's just I think the frustration of that interaction was not that the
policy wasn't right. We can talk about policy but that like on a basic level people feel like they're not
being heard like black lives matter is a pretty
simple. Please Right right. You know it
is but if it's going to be a movement and not just a plea. Then
it has to build on making changes that people either have
to accept or they have to embrace.
And in many ways getting people to accept. The changes that are
necessary will require consistent pressure and leadership
at all levels in the community all the way to the White
House and that then you have to keep making the case as I have tried
to make going back to going back a long time but in this campaign going back to the first speech I
gave
that Columbia University in New York. You've got to
be willing to constantly say there are gross
inequities and you can't act like they don't exist and one of the biggest is
the way that African-American particularly men but also women. But let's focus on
men for a
minute are arrested more charged more tried
more convicted more incarcerated
more than white men who do the very same things that that's just a fact and that is
a fact that you have to say over and over again as I have done to a lot of
audiences that are predominantly white and say Put yourself in the position of
either one of those young men or the mother or the father of one of those young men. How would you
feel and it's not a question that is easily answered by a
lot of white people because they don't have that experience and you've got to force
folks to kind of say to themselves. Hey if this is really happening and I
guess there is evidence to show it's
happening then maybe I'd better change my thinking about all of this.
It's a scary slow start. Process but we made
progress now I think in some areas were stalled so we've got to you know put
some you know energy behind pushing forward and getting more people to do what they should
be doing
anyway I'm very glad that you mentioned the very deplorable
state of the prison system right now you're talking about how people of
color are arrested a disproportionate amount over white
folks and time this back into the black last matter movement or the conversation that
you had with the activists. Conversation felt very unfinished to me and I
was reading some interviews with the young woman who was talking to I think the name is Dan A.J. and see a helping
fan is right.
My reading of it and again I don't want to speak for her my reading of it is that a lot of
people feel like you and your husband former President Bill
Clinton are implicit in the the policies that were passed and some of
the legislation that was
passed in the ninety's the tough on crime
initiatives the three strikes rule. I feel like what they were looking for and what
a lot of black people are looking
for is for you in order has been to shoulder
some responsibility in the crisis that we're facing now. So my question to
you is do you ever look at the state of black America today we can
focus on the prison for now.
And regardless of what the intense were like I know that the ninety's were like it was a different time you know
times change legislation changes needs change
but regardless of your intent do you ever look at the State of Black America and say wow we really fuck this up
for black people.
Well today what I think and my husband spoke of this he spoke about this at the end of a
C.P. Just last summer. You always have to learn from what you do I
was interviewed by Al Sharpton the other day and I've known him a long time because I
represented New
York and he said and I think it's good to be reminded of this
that in the ninety's and particularly when my husband became
president there was a great
demand not just from America writ large but from the black
community to get tougher on crime and Al Sharpton said this he said I was one of those
people who was asking that we get tougher on crime and that we clean up
our neighborhoods and we stop gangs from killing each other he said I was you know going around
boarding up crack
houses and he said so we can't go back and say that we
didn't ask that a lot of this be done because we
did I think. What's important is you take stock of what was
done and you figure out what needs to change and what we have seen over
the course of now you know a number of
years is that too many low level offenders too
many nonviolent offenders ended up in prison
and that became a
terrible strain and drain on the African-American
community because too many you know again predominately not exclusively
men were ending up incarcerated.
So I think you know what my husband said when he spoke to the end of lay C.P. was look you
know we've learned a lot and you know tip took responsibility for whatever.
Impact of the legislation but also being reminded there were reasons why
that legislation was passed and very strongly support it across communities of color
and everybody
else in a democracy you're supposed to be able to keep being
a learning political system and now we've got to say to ourselves as people
are hey maybe there were some good intentions but
those intentions had unintended consequences and we've got to deal with those consequences.
But it's not enough in my opinion as some on the Republican side are saying well you know let's
just change the sentencing and all that I'm for all of
that but let's also provide more supports in the community. Let's also you
know make sure that people who are diverted from the criminal justice
system have a real chance to
get you know the services and support they need to build their lives so this is now
I
think got to be a broader conversation than just you know change the sentencing and
you know move low level offenders out of the the prisons because that has to be done but
that's not enough.
Do you think that that answer is a good enough answer for the people of color who are
right now in jail because of the very very broken
system. Look most of the people who are in jail are there. Under state law not federal law
the federal prisons are very small part of the equation here.
So you have to change the federal prisons which are going to that's why President Obama went to
visit a federal prison because the president really only has direct authority over the
federal prisons. We have to
change what are the vast majority of decisions being made
and local jails and state prisons in order to move this agenda
forward and the federal government can provide some incentives
like you know put more money into drug courts put more money into you know services
for people so that you can then you know move states in the right direction
but states control their prison system
so again that. That's one of those you know distinctions that needs to be made we've got to
change the policies at the federal level to serve as an example and hopefully to
provide
some you know incentives and disincentives
so more states also change their policies you spend a little bit of time as a young person.
Well a lot of time protesting against the injustices that you saw and now you are
aspiring to the highest office in the establishment. What do you think young
activists Hillary would tell a current Hillary or what advice would she have there's a role
for activism and I am a huge proponent of
activism and then there is a role for trying to translate the goals
of activism into results for people
so there is a continuum here. You know when I worked for the
Children's Defense Fund. You know we were trying to change a lot of things about why kids ended up
in prison systems and why kids with disabilities couldn't go to school so we
were active and we gathered our information and we made our
case and then we combined forces with a lot of other groups and then we got the law changed
and you have to keep doing that over and over again they're going to answer the question. Yeah what would you say keep
doing what you can to look I do realize the goals that I've always had my entire life own.
Now I will be workin on them from you know a different
position.
We are going to transition into our fun segment is OK Your daughter a few
pubes you that is our rapid fire questions that men with isn't actually rapid fire
good read it and I'm sure that you book your kind of print on I'm like OK Bill O'Reilly a
little more RAM please no air right. OK.
First question
world are ruining this country. They are chewing through power lines
and causing power outages they're getting drunk inches making a mess that you are I have a
back to be so if you get in the story give people the plague now I think that's not a fact
that's not a moron with the plague. I'm going anyway
anyway. What are you going to do about this national
myth. Well I'm surely going to a lot of attention and I think it's important
that I'm for gun control but people as far as I'm concerned can do whatever they want to to get rid
of the squirrel body through power lines and getting drunk and giving people the
plague
on us announce he's going to be running for president two thousand and twenty if he asked you to be V.P. would you do it well
I have to say I've told Kanye that I think that he might want to drop
the ball he might want to wait because I'll be running for re-election I see I you know I
might want to try to give him some additional experience so he's
got all the other things he's done on his resume he's got you know some kind of
envoy role or something that he can point to but I would not rule out anybody for vice president wrong
maybe I
wouldn't rule out any kind of factor you to over thirty five and not yet I've got to
where you OK you're actually welder and so maybe by two thousand and twenty you would be so I wish I was
there to please. It is that. In preparation for this interview I watched a lot of your interviews.
And I noticed
you never sweat like physically not long enough not enough time is on the
planet we have been like a little bit oppressed and I get so
hot I mean when why am city. Like what is your deodorant Well first of all you've only
done a little bit when you've done as much as I What is your secret my secret if you
do it so often you didn't see me forty years ago when I did my first one I don't like sweat because you're nervous
I just mean physically I felt that if
I was there I had only curious what your deodorant if I well you know I just I just
turned off the thermostat you know I don't know that's not a spray situation it's a liquid.
I mean I am not joking I'm sweating right
now I've got a couple of blocks at all and OK I'm gonna work on this this is an
eye question that I lobbied for a lad because one of my favorite questions to ask people if you don't have an answer
that's fine but I will be a little bad. OK What's the weirdest thing about
you the weirdest thing about me is that I don't sweat.
Yeah obviously that's not the artilleries I Robot. But you're also
what you guys are the first to realize that I'm really not even a human.
I I was constructed in a garage in Palo Alto.
Exactly and I want to go down with oh think that you know Bill Gates and Steve Jobs
they created I don't even know. Oh no I mean a man whose name shall remain nameless created me in
the garage are there more of you thought
now you know I thought he threw away the plans at least that's what he told me when he
Program me that there would be no more I've seen more people that kind of don't sweat and other
things that make me think maybe they are part of the new race that he has created
the robot race that they had a cyborg
I don't you know you got that you can't tell anybody as I don't want to but I know this I made in the No one man in
your neighborhood how do you know you are Davenport Iowa and I just fell on my you
know electronic guts to you and without
any better than this you imagine if you're a friend yeah we let's why I have to wait till the end of the
day what I get on reparations and how
soon can I expect my check and I got time that affect my everyone
into what's good.
I tell you what I think is we need to make many more investments in.
Everything from preschool education to affordable housing that's my form of you know trying to
give people
the the chance to be empowered to make the most of their own God given potential that's what I believe
so you talk about like Nike in the sixty's and I just I don't think either one of you will probably need it
but you know you never know I'll try to get
a system to jail my banker if you don't follow my summary right.
We're your good your fans the good wife. We are fans of The Good Wife huge fans. Yeah life is
it hard to watch a show that's like borrowed so heavily from your life. I
don't see it that way but maybe i'm just be
a lawyer who has no error who had heard it and there was there and
that's Falwell and yeah look I like the acting and I
like the outrageous plotting and I keep you know standing there hoping
that something even more outrageous will happen because then I know it's not about
me because I think you know we're going to Iraq comes right down to
like every character leash I mean you know she's
ever character word. We're going to trial because we just want to sit in to chat
for ever but we're being told by our producer mommies that we have to wrap it up. And you should
always listen to your mommy that's what I tell my daughter all right and I always
I can't believe this is happening and I can listen if you sit down and let us in as much hard to it
enters the time make you guys good luck to you how was the I love you been doing
this six months is that all together are great team got to go good
but real and go a little interesting will I don't think my team out a under their own thank you so
much.
I can't believe we did that beginning that I can the less last I'm around. Yes
hackles Maybe Yes Who are you going around for three hours than around for the entire
cast of the Broadway
play Hamilton blue it is so good to get a what is it I want to go see it on Sunday.
And like I didn't listen to any of the music before I went to go see it and I'm asleep I was really
skeptical about is like a hip hop musical about Alexander Hamilton of all people
like best not going about control a reason to be skeptical of money but I love history and
literally everybody in my life has been talking about it. Yeah right through me go check it out that the
songs are really really
good Thomas Jefferson enjoyed Washington had bars
and easy enough. Things Larry know I live alone and know amazing and the crazy thing
is that like when we were watchin Secretary Clinton earlier today and
she like had she had the microphone on one hand and like the other hands doing like politicians
and the kind of like rapping and I like you know what
I see so I don't think I see why this happened because politics really is sort
of like a hip hop battle kind of I'm the best right. This is why you should listen
to always me out with the winning team and I'll meet this group over here and let me break you know why
the nation. Yeah I
get it. I really get it all followed him back to the good wife Renee at least go bury
who played the black lawyer that Kerry like had a fling with. Not only they didn't go wife
but Kerry Superfriends though that's what I think of when I think of my character because I'm jealous.
Anyway she plays in jealous of Kyle and like watchin the good
wife I was like How can you like things this way you know like it's after hearing
how good she sing. And just like you the whole time you have I'm a good wife have
my music the good life. I don't
know yet.
I think my favorite
moment with the freestyle battles with Wayne Thomas Jefferson that freestyle
basically But the hip hop battle they had to have that was the song I missed everything and Alexander
Hamilton so good to you know I hear you. I hear that it's great. I
just have no movies on because it's a completely weird thing but it's really
really good fellow cast and talk money and call it shits on oh my God I've been
Femia
right Kathleen Hamilton if your. And come on the shell babies bought us a ticket or two
at least there. I don't it's not in my budget. So I guess they've got to go.
Heavily been
around for speaking of the good well if you guys know I've talked about the show a lot but
I don't think I've bought a proper around for the good ones such a good show. This is how I pitch it to people because
I am like an evangelical Good Wife
spreader great show with dope women they're always like
flies fuck the outfit game is on point every single one of
them people who like big from Sex And The City that's a
draw Carey who is Rory Gilmore is best boyfriend I would argue
even though
that's a very hotly debated thing. Eleanor is not feeling it. Our producer is shaking her
head and obviously the protagonist Julianna
Margulies aka Licia Florek is a boss ass bitch. I think it does like a good
job of talking about like being a woman in politics being a woman at work. There's a lot of race
stuff in it. Obviously my favorite character is Kalinda
Sharma R.G.P. jobby so are the fun job the on The Good Wife is like the only
character on T.V. Besides maybe the Broad City girls that I would identify as
properly queer like they take great pains to like not particularly say what her
sexuality
is and she kind of dances around it but not in a way that's like I'm closeted just more like this
is who I am so like she just like an unreal character in the T.V. landscape.
But she's dope just on all other accounts also her leather and like game is long pointed
out
away. But I am very very very upset
that they have not let her go on to season six
like her story ended and what is the deal behind that all these gossip
about her and Julianna Margulies like having
beef. So that they didn't even shoot the final scene they had together and I
normally don't care for this kind of beef. I'm like you know what the fuck happened when
I really love our human Dobby and for her to be short changed like this it was like it was really bad
I love The Good Wife but I really really do not care for the
way her character arc has developed like the last few seasons. That doesn't sound like
an endorsement but it is a very
good show it's a really good show all you know I don't watch T.V. So yeah it's one of the only shows I
watch as it's airing because they do take care to be
topical they are going to have Season seven going to have Hillary Clinton as a
character. And like when
the primaries are happening they're going to the primaries on the show so shout out to Archie
Punjab me I love you come on the
show
and that's
when
I really cannot believe this happened. We lay on the floor for like five minutes after
the Hillary portion was a mile out as a Hillary right now after the Madam Secretary for so many things.
Thanks
to everybody in the world a thank you to bin Smith AT and T..
Thank you to reclaim and half a million who are dynamic and amazing political reporter that was
he that how could I without you think the Hillary's campaign we really could not have done it without
you because you got
hurt quite literally sat outside about
thoughts this episode was produced by
Eleanor Kagan and general wife baramin who have been traveling through Iowa with us. Yang keeping
us saying in the Congo I love and now in the West
Coast crazy life. Production support comes from Juliet Harlan and Meg
Kramer who we miss very very dearly while we're in freakin that important Iowa which is the place and never
thought that I will go. Thank you to optimise a
part shout out to the Tracy. Oh my guy. What a day. What a day.
What a life with a little life. Thank you to our in-house musician
G. gravely compile edging Grazie on Twitter and to Diana. Well
of the my time Oregon which is the rap group a lot of people think the time we're going is a lady
thing or she's not the rap group and finally the bottom line at dial this deal in W. I
L. As always you can find us on Twitter at another round on Facebook got another round.
You can find all or episode that Bussy dot com Plus another round and if you have questions or
need advice you can e-mail us at another round at Bussey dot com You can find me on Twitter at Brooke you
make priority because that zero
dollars and you can find me on Twitter at heaven Rance heaven like the place I was
named after that I don't believe in rants like the only where people use describe going I'm going folks at
my end is you know
maybe degrade me and they interact with this guy as Kolya
mom eat the vegetables. Yes drink some water. Yeah like a
green vegetable don't eat a potato in light of the intel the eating
are related to the air but as I live a life.
They commit refill humid they'll wait until they're out and they need is not
having story
of my life alone. And if you like our broadcast radios and i Tunes. If
you don't just keep your mouth shut. We want to hear from you and think well wire
islet Thanks guys see you next week see
a
heavy everything frisky dingo that everybody ramp up with eating though I don't know. Well I'm glad I read
your thing or oh my gosh.
OK so the tweet is can you please bring back repeating all before you leave office frisky
dingo is one of the best shows in the world had like to see that it came
on adult land it was about this super villain who was like this big muscle East Gallatin
who didn't wear clothes
and he had like this failing criminal in Bahrain and like his workers that make a failing criminal
and there. In the workers America they don't have like health benefits and shit ages by yelling really to try to take
over the world can you do your job is this is that I got a bit of an
advantage.